How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

If you make a change that result in some actions that was not planned, you can compare with a older working version of the file to see were you added a bug in the file. The bug will be in the lines you added or removed, in the differences between the two files.

How could having easy acess to the entire history of a file make you more efficient programmer in the long term?

You can compare steps of your work to see the changes and easily solve new bugs that appears after modifing the file several times.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having version automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Pros: 
You can aways have a smart saves, with checkpoints only when necessary.
Don't create million of files without purpose.
Possibility of mark the changes in every commit.
The checkpoint don't break the logical in the middle.

Cons:
You need to always remember to save.
Need to stop the work to
 make the commit.

 Why do you think some versions control systems, like Git, allow saving mutiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

 Because a change in one file can change the behavior of the others files and, recording multiples files at once, you have less commits to organize.

 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

 I can use get log to see the all the history of changes and who and when the files was modified and see a litlle comment explaning what changed. Whith git diff I can see the differences between two different time files (commits).

 How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

 Whith version control I know that I could make any changes without fear of breaking something because I can always go back to when everything was right.

 Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

 I want to see the commits interface in one of my files.